现代邮政英语（English for Modern Postal Service） - 中国大学mooc

1、11. An \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of the post's fundamental role in the
creation of the United States requires a little knowledge of the
problems faced by the colonies at that time.\
    A、authorized\
    B、rudimentary\
    C、appreciation\
    D、debuted

    参考答案：C

2、12. In 1691, to boost trade and ensure its control of North America,
Britain \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ a centralized postal system.\
    A、authorized\
    B、rudimentary\
    C、appreciation\
    D、debuted

    参考答案：A

3、13. By the mid-eighteenth century, this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ network push
thirteen quarrelsome provinces toward developing a new,
independent-minded, egalitarian culture more American than British.\
    A、authorized\
    B、rudimentary\
    C、appreciation\
    D、debuted

    参考答案：B

4、14. America's first political cartoon \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in the
newspaper.\
    A、authorized\
    B、rudimentary\
    C、appreciation\
    D、debuted

    参考答案：D

5、15. Stamp Act is a law passed by the British Parliament in 1765 to
raise \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.\
    A、subsidized\
    B、intercepted\
    C、autonomy\
    D、revenue

    参考答案：D

6、16. Meanwhile England \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and searched mail for
seditious content.\
    A、subsidized\
    B、intercepted\
    C、autonomy\
    D、revenue

    参考答案：B

7、17. The awful roads developed the provinces' sense of isolation and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.\
    A、subsidized\
    B、intercepted\
    C、autonomy\
    D、revenue

    参考答案：C

8、18. Transportation industry was also \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ by government
to carry the mail.\
    A、subsidized\
    B、intercepted\
    C、autonomy\
    D、revenue

    参考答案：A

9、19. They improved communications despite tough circumstances, laid
down important \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ for the frontier's development, and also
made vital contributions to preserving the Union.\
    A、appreciation\
    B、infrastructure\
    C、link\
    D、innovative

    参考答案：B

10、20. The post fostered unique American culture of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
ideas and uncensored opinions.\
    A、appreciation\
    B、infrastructure\
    C、link\
    D、innovative

    参考答案：D

11、1. WANTED: Young skinny, w\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ fellows not over
eighteen. (\--thin but strong)

    参考答案：wiry

12、2. The Pony Express, nevertheless, has become s\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with
the Old West. (\--having the same, or nearly the same, meaning)

    参考答案：synonymous

13、3. By the 1840s the influx of p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to the Northwest,
and the flood of prospectors to California after 1848 had created an
increasing demand for mail delivery to and from the East. (\--the first
people to go to a particular area in order to live and work there)

    参考答案：pioneers

14、4. Later this route was ultimately j\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ by growing
North-South tension. (\--cause sth. to be harmed, lost or destroyed; put
in danger)

    参考答案：jeopardized

15、5. They switched m\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ every 10-12 miles. (\--a horse
that you ride on)

    参考答案：mounts

16、6. This relay system allowed mail to criss-cross the
f\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in record time. (\--the edge of land where people live
and have built towns, beyond which the country is wild and unknown,
especially in the western US in the 19th century)

    参考答案：frontier

17、7. It was just a group of c\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ riders who had proven
their loyalty again and again. (\--willing to work hard and give your
time and energy to sth)

    参考答案：committed

18、8. What caused the d\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of the Pony Express? (\--the
end or failure of an institution, an idea, a company, etc.)

    参考答案：demise

19、9. Despite the failure, the founders' ability to assemble and
operate this remarkable service under especially challenging
circumstances was a tribute to their courage and i\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
(\--the ability to invent things or solve problems in clever new ways)

    参考答案：ingenuity

20、10. In the game, a Pony Express rider controlled by the game player
has to avoid obstacles and pick up letters in search of the
e\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ 100 percent rating. (\--difficult to find, define, or
achieve)

    参考答案：elusive

**Assignment 1**\
\
1、1.一说到美国西部人们就会想到牛仔。（be associated with）

    参考答案：1. Cowboys are always associated with the West.

2、2.如果所有精妙的科技都消失，我们会怎么样呢？（what if）

    参考答案：2. What if we didn\'t have all that fancy technology.

3、3.小马快递公司想法设法让马匹的负重尽可能得轻。（go to great lengths
to do sth.）

    参考答案：3. The Pony Express went to great lengths to keep its
horses\' loads as light as possible.

4、4.独立战争之后，和强大的各个州相比，联邦政府几乎起不到什么作用。（compared
to）

    参考答案：4. After the revolution, compared to the powerful states,
the federal government had few functions.

5、5.说美国邮政发展史就是在讲美国历史。（nothing less than）

    参考答案：5. The history of its post office is nothing less than the
story of America.

**Unit 2 快递**\
\
**Test 2**\
\
1、1. The mode of last-mile delivery, AHD, is always customers' favorite
one.

    参考答案：错误

2、2. Not every order has to be delivered same-day or next-day;
merchants should first focus on delivering dates that they can
guarantee.

    参考答案：正确

3、3. Building DCs or warehouses as close as possible to metropolitan
zones with huge advantages of infrastructure is the most cost-effective
site selection.

    参考答案：错误

4、4. By focusing on last-mile delivery alternatives retailers are able
to compete with giant shipping carriers.

    参考答案：错误

5、5. Despite innovative solutions to last-mile delivery problem, all
merchants face the undeniable challenge of offering speedy, accurate,
transparent shipping processes for low or no cost.

    参考答案：正确

6、6. The reason why most plastic packaging materials don't get recycled
is that many people don't realize their side-effects.

    参考答案：错误

7、7. In ancient times, only materials available in the nature were used
to form packages.

    参考答案：错误

8、8. Greening packaging should start from prevention, that is,
packaging should be used only where needed.

    参考答案：正确

9、9. Recovery means cleaning, repairing and reprocessing the packages
into new products.

    参考答案：错误

10、10. Steering toward green packaging in delivery service needs
efforts on multiple fronts, governments, express delivery companies,
packagers, retailers, consumers etc.

    参考答案：正确

11、1. It is frequently defined as a kind of development that meets the
needs of the present without compromising the ability of future
generations to meet their own needs.

    参考答案：sustainable development

12、2. It is one of the challenges operators of last-mile delivery need
to face, keeping customers fully informed of the position of their
orders whenever they need.

    参考答案：real-time visibility

13、3. Plastic packaging is made to be used only once. It is being
replaced by more environment-friendly packaging.

    参考答案：single-use plastic packaging##%\_YZPRLFH\_%##disposable
plastic packaging

14、4. It refers to a kind of economy, in which materials are
regenerated and constantly flow around a "closed loop" system, rather
than being used a few times and then discarded.

    参考答案：circular economy

15、5. It is the last leg of your package's trip before it comes to your
doorsteps.

    参考答案：last-mile delivery

16、6. The term means we reduce, reuse and recycle all we can, and throw
things away only as a last resort.

    参考答案：zero waste

17、7. Plastic packaging with additives can break down into microscopic
particles through normal environmental processes.

    参考答案：biodegradable plastic packaging

18、8. It is a kind of economy which extracts resources, uses them only
once or twice, and then throws them away.

    参考答案：linear economy

19、9. It can also be called a warehouse, which is stocked with goods
from plants and suppliers to be delivered to retailers, to wholesalers,
or directly to consumers.

    参考答案：DC##%\_YZPRLFH\_%##distribution center

20、10. A type of vehicle can run along streets, obey traffic signs and
park in the lot without a human driver.

    参考答案：self-driving car##%\_YZPRLFH\_%##self-driving
vehicle##%\_YZPRLFH\_%##autonomous vehicle##%\_YZPRLFH\_%##unmanned
vehicle

**Assignment 2**\
\
1、1.未来，能以合理的费用快速运送货物和提供服务的电商将占据优势。（have
the edge）

    参考答案：1. In the future, e-businesses that can deliver the goods
and services fast at a reasonable cost will have the edge.

2、2.我们是一家专业提供当天送达服务的公司，在你下单的那一刻装载你的货物发往目的地。（specialize
in）

    参考答案：2. We are a company that specializes in providing same-day
delivery services, loading your goods and setting out for the
destination the moment you place an order.

3、3.商家应该通过教育消费者如何负责任地处理包装来支持回收利用。（dispose
of）

    参考答案：3. Merchants should support recycling by educating
consumers on how to dispose of the packaging responsibly.

4、4.政府已经发布了一套标准去推动可持续的包装材料在物流行业的使用。（issue
a set of standards）

    参考答案：4. The government has issued a set of standards to promote
the use of sustainable packaging materials in the logistics industry.

5、5.最后一英里的配送不仅占据整个运输成本的一大块，而且会从根本上影响客户的忠诚度。（make
up a huge chunk of）

    参考答案：5. Last-mile delivery not only makes up a huge chunk of
the total delivery cost, but also fundamentally affects customer
loyalty.

**Unit 3 物流**\
\
**Test 3**\
\
1、1. In countries where a solar calendar was \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the
length of each year needed to be modified in order to have the same
number of months in each year.\
    A、progressing\
    B、proceeding\
    C、advancing\
    D、succeeding

    参考答案：C

2、2. They are determined to do their bit in \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the
mechanization of agriculture.\
    A、receiving\
    B、adopting\
    C、utilizing\
    D、adapting

    参考答案：B

3、3. To some extent the smaller the assembly, the more adaptable is its
manufacture to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ techniques.\
    A、manual\
    B、professional\
    C、potential\
    D、automated

    参考答案：D

4、4. The candidate's \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with organized crime cost him the
election.\
    A、identification\
    B、dissociation\
    C、misunderstanding\
    D、idealism

    参考答案：A

5、5. From the roof you can see the full \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of the parks.\
    A、dimensions\
    B、future\
    C、beauty\
    D、exterior

    参考答案：A

6、6. The \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of beating the opponent in the relay looked
poor.\
    A、future\
    B、prospect\
    C、expectation\
    D、scenery

    参考答案：B

7、7. Cargo hold is in the the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of the aircraft which
normally has an average temperature of around seven degree Celsius.\
    A、appetite\
    B、stomach\
    C、head\
    D、belly

    参考答案：D

8、8. But for many reasons, the technology was not \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
until more than 20 years later.\
    A、available\
    B、useful\
    C、realistic\
    D、genuine

    参考答案：A

9、9. Since 1980s, people have studied how to improve the information
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of barcode symbol.\
    A、amount\
    B、density\
    C、number\
    D、crowdedness

    参考答案：B

10、10. In the process of postal operation and modern logistics, the
small sized barcode plays an important role in automatic processing in
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with computer system.\
    A、line\
    B、terms\
    C、cooperation\
    D、contact

    参考答案：C

11、1. We should e\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the thought of health first in
schools physical education. (build, construct)

    参考答案：erect

12、2. However, seafood is a highly p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ food item which is
increasingly global traded so that a lot of particular conditions and
difficulties more have to be taken into account compared to other food
products. ( food that will decay rapidly)

    参考答案：perishable

13、3. Western development provides the historic opportunity for the
deep exploitation of west tourism resource in ecological
f\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ area. (easily damaged or destroyed)

    参考答案：fragile

14、4. He'll only wear clothes with a designer l\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
(brand)

    参考答案：label

15、5. Some of these flood shelters are on raised p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
which have allowed government helicopters to land amid the continuing
floods. (a flat raised structure or area, usually one which something
can stand on or land on)

    参考答案：platform

16、6. It suggests the m\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ transportation planning and
management to combine organically the mobility and accessibility. (a
large or capital city)

    参考答案：metropolitan

17、7. As a h\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of finance and communications, Paris is
now almost equal to London. (a large airport from which you can travel
to many other airports)

    参考答案：hub

18、8. You can be paid in cash weekly or by check monthly which are the
two a\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. (options)

    参考答案：alternatives

19、9. These black models are moving in on what was previously white
t\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_: the lucrative cosmetic contracts. (an area of
knowledge or interest)

    参考答案：territory

20、10. The equipment is slow and heavy by modern s\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. (
level of quality)

    参考答案：standards

**Assignment 3**\
\
1、1.如果不准确填写报关表那么你的包裹可能会被海关扣下。

    参考答案：1. There is a possibility that your parcel will be held up
by the custom if you don't fill in the declaration form correctly.

2、2.只有那些有资质的物流公司才能够运送特殊物品。

    参考答案：2. Only those certified logistic companies are eligible to
deliver special materials.

3、3.南京已经把建设"长江三角洲国际物流枢纽"作为未来物流业发展的方向之一。

    参考答案：3. Nanjing has been building "the international logistics
hub in the Yangtze River Delta", as one of the direction of the future
logistics industry.

4、4.当条形码被用于超市自动结账系统时，它在商业上取得了成功。

    参考答案：4. Barcodes became commercially successful when they were
used to automate supermarket checkout systems.

5、5.从食物到日用品，从衣服到书籍，条形码在我们的生活中随处可见。条形码彻底改变了全球商业。

    参考答案：5. From food to daily necessities, from clothes to books,
barcodes can be seen everywhere in our lives. Barcodes revolutionized
global business.

6、6.企业管理中，条码技术是数据采集的有力手段。如企业的人事管理、物资管理、生产管理等。

    参考答案：6. Barcode technology is a powerful means of data
collection in enterprise management, such as personnel management,
material management, production management, etc.

**Unit 4 电子商务**\
\
**Test 4**\
\
1、1. inventory management：发明管理

    参考答案：错误

2、2. biometric authentication：生物特征识别技术

    参考答案：正确

3、3. augmented reality：虚拟现实

    参考答案：错误

4、4. location-based services：基于位置的服务

    参考答案：正确

5、5. bricks-and-mortar shop：网店

    参考答案：错误

6、6. 企业对消费者的电子商务模式：Bussiness-to-Consumer (B2C)

    参考答案：正确

7、7. 企业对政府的电子商务模式：Business-to-Government (B2G)

    参考答案：正确

8、8. 顾客对顾客的电子商务模式：Business-to-Bussiness (B2B)

    参考答案：错误

9、9. 第三方物流服务商：third party logistics party

    参考答案：正确

10、10. 身份盗窃：personal theft

    参考答案：错误

11、1. E-commerce or electronic commerce refers to commercial
t\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ conducted online. (a piece of business, for example,
an act of buying or selling something )

    参考答案：transactions

12、2. In addition to making a note of what is being purchased and
updating the order d\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the shopping cart performs several
other tasks. (a collection of data that is stored in a computer)

    参考答案：database

13、3. Effective l\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is the key to a successful e-commerce
business. (the business of transporting and delivering goods)

    参考答案：logistics

14、4. C2B is the r\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of the traditional e-commerce model
of B2C. (an exchange of positions or functions)

    参考答案：reversal

15、5. The main differences between e-commerce and m-commerce are
m\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, location tracking and security. (the ability to move
or travel around easily)

    参考答案：mobility

16、6. M-commerce services and applications could be p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
to provide information or perform services appropriately to specific
users. (do or design sth specially according to the needs of an
individual)

    参考答案：personalized

17、7. Single-click payment can encourage i\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ buying via
mobile phones. (acting suddenly without thinking carefully about what
might happen because of what you are doing)

    参考答案：impulsive

18、8. If some years ago e-commerce was a b\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, now it has
become the order of the day. (fashionable and popular word or phrase)

    参考答案：buzzword

19、9. The four features of m-commerce are u\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,
localization, convenience and personalization. (sth seems to be
everywhere)

    参考答案：ubiquity

20、10. Tickets, v\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and coupons are sent to users on
their mobile phones in digital form. (a printed piece of paper that can
be used instead of money to pay for sth)

    参考答案：vouchers

**Assignment 4**\
\
1、1.新任经理为这项工作带来了丰富的经验。（a wealth of）

    参考答案：1. The new manager brings a great wealth of experience to
the job.

2、2.我们已请邻居在我们离开时帮我们照看一下房子。（keep an eye on）

    参考答案：2. We\'ve asked the neighbours to keep an eye on the house
for us while we are away.

3、3.有多少公司对建筑这座桥的合同投标？（bid on）

    参考答案：3. How many firms bid on the contract to build the bridge?

4、4.一名运动员中途退出赛跑。（drop out）

    参考答案：4. One of the runners has dropped out in the middle of the
race.

5、5.食用过多的糖会引起健康问题。（lead to）

    参考答案：5. Eating too much sugar can lead to health problems.

**Unit 5 邮政管理**\
\
**Test 5**\
\
1、1. Informed Delivery is a consumer-facing feature offered by USPS
that provides users with digital images of the interior of mail pieces
in advance of the delivery of physical mail.

    参考答案：错误

2、2. Informed Delivery is not available to residential consumers in
Hawaii.

    参考答案：错误

3、3. The United States Postal Service charges for the service of
Informed Delivery from the users.

    参考答案：错误

4、4. Informed Delivery offers mail service provider the opportunity to
engage users through an integrated mail and digital marketing campaign
that generates additional consumer impressions, interactions, and
insights.

    参考答案：正确

5、5. Informed Delivery is on the cutting edge of communication trends
by helping people manage their mail and make the most of it.

    参考答案：正确

6、6. Price is the competitive advantage to create loyal customers.

    参考答案：错误

7、7. The communication that takes place between sender and receiver
with the use of signs is non-verbal communication.

    参考答案：正确

8、8. In responding to the customer, a good technique to ensure that you
understand her correctly is asking questions.

    参考答案：错误

9、9. Body language can influence the tone of voice and a great way to
display positive body language on the phone is to imagine your customer
can see you.

    参考答案：正确

10、10. Great customer service should prevent a repeat contact from the
customer on the same topic.

    参考答案：正确

11、1. r\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：the action of keeping something rather than
losing it or stopping it

    参考答案：retention

12、2. u\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：that has never happened, been done or been
known before

    参考答案：unprecedented

13、3. s \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：to happen at the same time or to move at the
same speed as something

    参考答案：synchronize

14、4. t \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：connected with the sense of touch

    参考答案：tactile

15、5. i \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：to combine two or more things so that they
work together

    参考答案：integrate

16、6. p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：a system of fixed rules and formal behavior
used at official meetings

    参考答案：protocol

17、7. c\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：polite, especially in a way that shows respect

    参考答案：courteous

18、8. m\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：a unit that can form part of a course of
study, especially at a college or university in Britain

    参考答案：module

19、9. h\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：the act of tormenting by continued persistent
attacks and criticism

    参考答案：harassment

20、10. w\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_：the amount of work that has to be done by a
particular person or organization

    参考答案：workload

**Assignment 5**\
\
1、1. The U.S. Postal Service is enhancing the mail experience
nationwide with Informed Delivery \-- an optional notification service
that provides eligible residential consumers with a digital preview of
their household\'s mail.

    参考答案：1.美国邮政将通过信息快递来提高全国上下的邮政体验，这项可选式通知服务将为符合资格的居民消费者提供其家庭邮件的数字预览。

2、2. Informed Delivery offers business mailers the opportunity to
engage users through an integrated mail and digital marketing campaign
that generates additional consumer impressions, interactions, and
insights.

    参考答案：2.信息快递可通过综合性的邮件和数字营销活动来增加消费者的印象、互动和洞察，从而帮助企业寄件人吸引客户。

3、3. The expectations are high and heterogeneous, so we have to watch
customer needs carefully. And we do not tell the customers what they
need, they tell us and we then help make their lives easier through the
Post.

    参考答案：3.公众的期待很高且多元化，所以我们不得不认真关注客户需求。并不是我们告诉客户他们需要的是什么，而是他们告诉我们，并由我们通过邮政来帮助他们使生活更简单。

4、4. In today's fiercely competitive market, customers face a great
array of products and brand choices, prices and suppliers.

    参考答案：4.在今天竞争激烈的市场中，客户面对大量可以选择的产品、品牌、价格和供应商。

5、5. According to the Post, this innovation is an important step
towards its key strategic goal of improving current services with
digitalization and developing the digital monitoring of letters and
other addressed mails.

    参考答案：5.邮政表示，利用数字化技术改善当前服务，开发信函和其他有址邮件的数字化监控技术是迈向关键性战略目标的重要一步。

**Unit 6 邮票**\
\
**Test 6**\
\
1、1. During the early colonial days, letters were sent through a
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of independent postal organizations.\
    A、variety\
    B、variation\
    C、sort\
    D、manner

    参考答案：A

2、2. As the population of the colonies grew, the need for a more
organized system of mail delivery became \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.\
    A、various\
    B、apparent\
    C、optional\
    D、potential

    参考答案：B

3、3. In 1691 a colonial postal service was outlined by the British
government and a number of Postmaster-Generals were appointed in the
years \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ up to the American Revolution.\
    A、led\
    B、was leading\
    C、lead\
    D、leading

    参考答案：D

4、4. Franklin, a pragmatic and \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ man, realized many
innovations that made the colonial postal system much more effective.\
    A、incentive\
    B、offensive\
    C、inventive\
    D、clumsy

    参考答案：C

5、5. In the early days letters were generally not prepaid. The person
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the letters paid the mailman when the letter was
delivered.\
    A、received\
    B、receiving\
    C、sent\
    D、sending

    参考答案：B

6、6. The system was \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ though as it required the mailman
to find the recipient and collect the money, or if the recipient refused
the letter, it had to be sent back to the originating post office
unpaid.\
    A、efficient\
    B、inefficient\
    C、effective\
    D、ineffective

    参考答案：B

7、7. It was not until the early 1940s that stamps were first
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to the Postal system.\
    A、invented\
    B、inclined\
    C、induced\
    D、introduced

    参考答案：D

8、8. Because of the development of technology and electronic
substitution, the mail volume has decreased \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.\
    A、considerably\
    B、considerately\
    C、conservatively\
    D、concisely

    参考答案：A

9、9. A stamp design includes several elements required for it to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ its purpose satisfactorily.\
    A、adapt\
    B、apply\
    C、accomplish\
    D、acquire

    参考答案：C

10、10. The usual form of the denomination is a number, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
preceded or followed by a currency symbol.\
    A、necessarily\
    B、compulsorily\
    C、inevitably\
    D、optionally

    参考答案：D

11、1. Just several years ago, stamps were one of i\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
necessities in our daily lives. (\--absolutely necessary; vitally
necessary)

    参考答案：indispensable

12、2. At one time people thought of some pretty o\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ways
to make sure the stamp couldn't be used again. (\--unusual, different
from what most people expect )

    参考答案：offbeat

13、3. C\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ stamps initially created to signify the
commemoration of a particular time in history. (\--acting as a mark or
memorial of an event or a person)

    参考答案：Commemorative

14、4. In 1874 the Universal Postal Union e\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Great
Britain from its rule which stated that a country's name had to appear
on their postage stamps. (\--free a person from an obligation imposed on
others)

    参考答案：exempted

15、5. Postage stamps are r\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ of history. (\--a place
where sth. is stored in large quantities )

    参考答案：repositories

16、6. In order to make c\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ harder, graphic designs became
nearly universal on stamps. (\--a copy that looks exactly like the
original)

    参考答案：counterfeits

17、7. The name chosen on stamps is typically the county's own name for
itself, usually using simpler and shorter forms or a\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
(\--a short form of a word)

    参考答案：abbreviations

18、8. The early British stamps used exactly the same portrait bust of
Victoria, enclosed in a d\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ variety of frames. (\--having
or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling)

    参考答案：dizzying

19、9. Nearly all stamps have some amount of text e\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in
their design. (\--inserted as an integral part of a surrounding whole)

    参考答案：embedded

20、10. In general, text has come to be used more s\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ on
stamps in recent years. (\--uses sth. only in very small quantities)

    参考答案：sparingly

**Assignment 6**\
\
1、1. Postage stamps are repositories of history. They give a unique
perspective into the history of its period and place.

    参考答案：1.邮票是历史的宝库。它们提供了一个独特的视角来了解它所反映的时期和地点的历史。

2、2. Many thousands of designs have been created since a profile bust
of Queen Victoria was adopted for the Penny Black in 1840.

    参考答案：2.自从1840年维多利亚女王半身像被印在黑便士邮票上以来，成千上万的邮票图案已被创造出来。

3、3. Many early stamps wrote the denomination out in words, but the
Universal Post Union later required the stamps on international mail use
Arabic numbers, for the benefit of clerks in foreign countries.

    参考答案：3.许多早期的邮票都是用文字来表示面值的，但后来万国邮政联盟为了方便外国的职员，要求国际邮件上的邮票面值使用阿拉伯数字。

4、4. In 1874 the Universal Postal Union exempted Great Britain from its
rule which stated that a country's name had to appear on their postage
stamps, so a profile of the reigning monarch was all that was required
for identification of Britain's stamps.

    参考答案：4.万国联盟规定一个国家的名字必须出现在该国的邮票上。但1874年，万国邮政联盟对英国免除此规定。因此，女王侧面像是识别英国邮票的唯一要求。

5、5. Successful stamp designs receive relatively little notice from the
general public, while some others have acquired super star status among
their kind either due to some errors or other specialties.

    参考答案：5.成功的邮票设计很少受到公众的关注，而其他一些邮票则因为一些错误或其他特色而在同类邮票中被捧上了天。

**Unit 8 未来展望**\
\
**Test 8**\
\
1、IoT

    参考答案：Internet of Things

2、AR

    参考答案：Augmented Reality

3、WMS

    参考答案：Warehouse Management System

4、UAVs

    参考答案：Unmanned Aerial Vehicles

5、GPS

    参考答案：Global Positioning System

6、QR code

    参考答案：Quick Response code

7、RFID

    参考答案：Radio Frequency Identification

8、VR

    参考答案：Virtual Reality

9、UPU

    参考答案：Universal Postal Union

10、ITU

    参考答案：International Telecommunication Union

11、Self-driving cars are installed with s\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ sensors like
GPS, vision system, lidar system and radar system. (\--provided in
addition to something else in order to improve it)

    参考答案：supplemental

12、Sensors in trucks and multi-sensor tags on items transmit data on
location, condition and if a package has been i\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.
(\--complete and not damaged)

    参考答案：intact

13、Doctors are racing against time to o\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the treatment
so that they can save more patients. (\--to make something as good as it
can be)

    参考答案：optimize

14、You should make a list of all the jobs you have to do and
p\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ them. (\--put tasks, problems, etc. in order of
importance, so that you can deal with the most important first)

    参考答案：prioritize

15、These diseases are now everywhere, driven by universal forces, like
u\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and the globalization of unhealthy lifestyles. (\--of
an area having a lot of towns, streets, factories, etc. rather than
countryside)

    参考答案：urbanization

16、The UAVs will send the customer a n\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ when they get to
the outdoor delivery destination. (\--the act of giving or receiving
official information about something)

    参考答案：notification

17、The world's second largest economy had surpassed America in gross
national product per person according to some measures, and looked on
course to o\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ it. (\--to become greater in number, amount
or importance than something else)

    参考答案：overtake

18、Not too long ago, many of us worried about losing our documents,
photos and files if something bad happened to our computers, like a
virus or a hardware m\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, but now we can use cloud storage.
(\--of a machine, etc. to fail to work correctly)

    参考答案：malfunction

19、Although I soon c\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ him of my innocence, I think he
still has serious doubts about my sanity. (\--to make sb. believe that
something is true)

    参考答案：convinced

20、DHL express, a global leader in logistics industry, has
l\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ a series of pioneering research projects on rural
island deliveries. (\--to start an activity, especially an organized
one)

    参考答案：launched

**Assignment 8**\
\
1、1. The overgrowth of urban population would lead to congested roads,
pollution, and decreased efficiency caused by delays in the flow of
people and goods.

    参考答案：1.城市人口过度增长会导致交通堵塞，环境污染，且会因人员流动和货物运输的延误而引发效率下降。

2、2. Some of the world's leading companies are already showcasing first
prototypes of driverless vehicles.

    参考答案：2.一些全球领先的公司已经率先推出了自动驾驶汽车的概念车。

3、3. The device could then calculate the space requirements in real
time, scan for a suitable empty space, and then indicate where the
parcel should be placed.

    参考答案：3.该设备可以实时计算所需空间，扫描合适的空余空间，并显示包裹应该放置的位置。

4、4.通过无人机运输网络将各村庄连接起来，能使它们参与全球经济。

    参考答案：4. Connecting villages through UAV delivery networks could
enable their participation in the global economy.

5、5.该车在自动规划路线，超车，避让以及自动停车功能方面已成功进行了测试。

    参考答案：5. The car has conducted successful tests of automatic
route planning, overtaking, obstacle avoidance, and self-parking
functions.

6、6.车上安装了所有这些传感器和系统，以避免交通拥堵，降低开车成本，并减少对环境的影响。

    参考答案：6. All these sensors and systems are installed in the car
to avoid traffic jams, reduce motoring costs, and minimize environmental
impact.

**Unit 7 万国邮联**\
\
**Test 7**\
\
1、1. Millions of letters and parcels continue to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the
globe every day of every year.\
    A、send\
    B、crisscross\
    C、surpass\
    D、click

    参考答案：B

2、2. The teacher's work is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ by the headmaster.\
    A、supervised\
    B、subsidized\
    C、super-powered\
    D、submerged

    参考答案：A

3、3. The POC's work programme is \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ towards helping Posts
modernize and upgrade their postal products and services.\
    A、shared\
    B、feared\
    C、neared\
    D、geared

    参考答案：D

4、4. The UPU Council studies \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, administrative,
legislative and legal issues.\
    A、regulatory\
    B、rehearsal\
    C、reassuring\
    D、revisited

    参考答案：A

5、5. The UPU monument in Bern was adopted as the UPU official logo,
which \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the true universal mission of the organization.\
    A、implants\
    B、encourages\
    C、embodies\
    D、incompletes

    参考答案：C

6、6. The poster design embodied the UPU's three strategic pillars:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, integration and inclusion.\
    A、innovate\
    B、innovation\
    C、innovated\
    D、innovatory

    参考答案：B

7、7. The crisscrossed arms and layered colors act to show the
integration of knowledge and processes, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ seamless and
affordable services for all.\
    A、enabling\
    B、to enable\
    C、enable\
    D、have enabled

    参考答案：A

8、8. Postal services may issue special postage stamps to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ the history or achievements of the national postal
service on or around World Post Day.\
    A、common\
    B、commemorate\
    C、command\
    D、recommand

    参考答案：B

9、9. Everybody is equal. We are all souls living in harmony and
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.\
    A、disaster\
    B、worry\
    C、shadow\
    D、serenity

    参考答案：D

10、10. The Universal Postal Union in \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ with UNESCO has
organized an international letter-writing competition for young people.\
    A、compulsion\
    B、cooperation\
    C、consideration\
    D、conversation

    参考答案：B

11、1. Nowadays, the post remains the most a means of communication.
(\--able to be easily obtained or used)

    参考答案：accessible

12、2. The postal sector is a key contributor to national and
international i . (\--the basic physical and organizational structures
and facilities (e.g. buildings, roads, power supplies) needed for the
operation of a society or enterprise)

    参考答案：infrastructure

13、3. The UPU makes recommendations to modernize products and services,
and s mail volume growth. (\--to make sth. develop or become more
active)

    参考答案：stimulate

14、4. The conference attracted more than 380 representatives from d and
international organizations. (\--existing or occurring inside a
particular country, not foreign or international)

    参考答案：domestic

15、5. The UPU has been a s agency of the United Nations since 1948.
(\--requiring or involving detailed and specific knowledge or training)

    参考答案：specialized

16、6. The UPU helps f \_ awareness with its World Post Day by designing
and distributing posters. (\--make (an action or process) easy or
easier)

    参考答案：facilitate

17、7. A number of events are held worldwide annually to celebrate the
day, including displaying UPU posters, d speeches, organizing
letter-writing competition. (\--to state in a formal manner)

    参考答案：delivering

18、8. In addition to the three-year poster c \_, high ranking officers
in many countries also make speeches or issue proclamations. (\--an
organized course of action to achieve a goal)

    参考答案：campaign

19、9. We have no nations, no borders, no m . (\--movement of people to
a new area or country in order to find work or better living conditions)

    参考答案：migration

20、10. Racial or religious d\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is happening everywhere in
the world. (\--the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different
categories of people, especially on the grounds of race, age, or sex)

    参考答案：discrimination

**Assignment 7**\
\
1、1.中国国家邮政局和万国邮联国际局签署了"一带一路倡议"下的合作意向书。（the
Belt and Road Initiative）

    参考答案：1. The State Post Bureau of China signed a letter of
intent with the International Bureau of the UPU for cooperation under
the Belt and Road Initiative.

2、2.与会代表们就国际邮政业务的共同协定制定了若干总则。（lay down）

    参考答案：2. The delegates laid down a number of general principles
for mutual agreements on international postal services.

3、3.邮政是帮助联合国实现其《2030年可持续发展议程》目标的一个重要组成部分。（sustainable
development）

    参考答案：3. The Post is a key component in helping to achieve the
goals of the UN's 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.

4、4. The two sides will jointly promote the construction of the
international railway mail transport mechanism.

    参考答案：4.双方将共同推动国际铁路邮件运输机制的建设。

5、5. The five figures represent the five continents, which is the
expression of the harmony of the peoples in the postal field.

    参考答案：5.五个人物代表五个大洲，这体现了邮政领域内各族人民之间的和谐关系。

6、6. The UPU helps facilitate awareness with its World Post Day by
designing and distributing posters for display across the globe.

    参考答案：6.万国邮联通过设计宣传海报并分发给各国在全球进行张贴，以帮助人们增强对"世界邮政日"的认识。

**Exam 课程考试**\
\
**Sheet 1**\
\
1、1. Railway Mail Service

    参考答案：铁路邮政

2、2. last mile delivery

    参考答案：最后一公里配送

3、3. priority mail express

    参考答案：优先航空快递

4、4. Augmented Reality

    参考答案：增强现实

5、5. United States Postal Service (USPS)

    参考答案：美国邮政署

6、6. Zip Code

    参考答案：邮政编码

7、7. Penny Black

    参考答案：黑便士

8、8. Universal Post Union (UPU)

    参考答案：万国邮联

9、9. International Telecommunication Union (ITU)

    参考答案：国际电联

10、10. Express Mail Service (EMS)

    参考答案：邮政特快专递服务

11、11. State Post Bureau of China

    参考答案：中国国家邮政局

12、12. zero waste

    参考答案：零废弃物

13、13. World Post Day

    参考答案：世界邮政日

14、14. the Pony Express

    参考答案：小马快递

15、15. barcode techonology

    参考答案：条形码技术

**Sheet 2**\
\
1、1. Postal services may issue special postage stamps to commemorate
the history or achievements of the national postal service on or around
World Post Day.

    参考答案：1.邮政部门可以在世界邮政日当天或前后发行特别邮票，以纪念国家邮政业务的发展历程或取得的成就。

2、2. The delegates laid down a number of general principles for mutual
agreements on international postal services.

    参考答案：2.与会代表们就国际邮政业务的共同协定制定了若干总则。

3、3. Only those certified logistic companies are eligible to deliver
special materials.

    参考答案：3.只有那些有资质的物流公司才能够运送特殊物品。

4、4.本慕课的姊妹篇《电子信息英语》（暂定名）即将筹拍，请你帮助设计几个单元主题以及每个单元主题下的两个视频标题，谢谢！

    参考答案：本题不设固定答案。

**Exam2 课程考试2**\
\
**主观题**\
\
1、术语解释：last mile delivery

    参考答案：最后一公里（英里）配送，或其他相近表述

2、术语解释：Augmented Reality

    参考答案：增强现实，或其他相近表述

3、术语解释：Universal Post Union (UPU)

    参考答案：万国邮联，或其他相近表述

4、术语解释：Express Mail Service

    参考答案：邮政特快专递服务，或其他相近表述

5、术语解释：State Post Bureau of China

    参考答案：中国国家邮政局，或其他相近表述

6、术语解释：Penny Black

    参考答案：黑便士，或其他相近表述

7、术语翻译：the Pony Express

    参考答案：小马快递，或其他相近表述

8、术语翻译：barcode technology

    参考答案：条形码技术，或其他相近表述

9、翻译句子： Postal services may issue special postage stamps to
commemorate the history or achievements of the national postal service
on or around World Post Day.

    参考答案：邮政部门可以在世界邮政日当天或前后发行特别邮票，以纪念国家邮政业务的发展历程或取得的成就。

10、翻译句子： The delegates laid down a number of general principles
for mutual agreements on international postal services.

    参考答案：与会代表们就国际邮政业务的共同协定制定了若干总则。

11、翻译句子： Only those certified logistic companies are eligible to
deliver special materials.

    参考答案：只有那些有资质的物流公司才能够运送特殊物品。

12、创新思维：
《电子信息英语》慕课即将筹拍。如果请你担任主讲，你想讲哪几个主题？
（答题语言：英文/中文/中英双语，3选1）

    参考答案：本题无固定答案
